Feature/zaidmark infra docs (#520)
Ensono/amido.github.io: asciidoc/workloads/azure/data/getting_started/core_data_platform_deployment_azure.adoc

2. Go to Pipelines, and then select *New pipeline*
3. Name the new pipeline, e.g. `amido.stacks-data-infrastructure`
4. For the pipeline definition, specify the YAML file in the project repository feature branch (`air-infrastructure-data.yml`) and save

> 5. Make sure that the Enable Private Networks box is set to your preffered deployment method. Unticking the box will issue a public network deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make sure that the Enable Private Networks box is set to your preferred deployment method. If you want to provision infrastructure within a link:../architecture/infrastructure_data_azure.adoc#networking[private network], ensure this variable is ticked. Unticking the box will issue a public network deployment.
```
